Update UG command parameters for Lesson (#307)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

  e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.

* Each parameter prefix is separated from the others with a space.<br/>
  For example, `t/t/` means the parameter value of the first `t/` is "t/", and TAB will interpret it as an invalid tag. On the other hand, `t/ t/` represents two `t/` parameters with no parameter value for both. 
  

> * For optional parameters, empty parameters are allowed but TAB will ignore them.<br/>

Reviewer: when `add p/123 p/`, the second p/ isn't ignored

* Existing values will be updated to the entered values.<br>
  e.g. `edit 2 f/0` will override the outstanding fees of the 2nd student in the displayed list to `0`.

* You can delete the data in optional fields by supplying a parameter with no arguments.<br>
  e.g. `edit 2 r/` will remove the remarks for the 2nd student in the displayed list.

* You cannot remove a contact field if it is the only remaining means of contact you have with a student.<br>
  e.g. no student should have all contact fields empty. `edit 2 pp/` will not work if the student does not have
  any `PHONE_NUMBER`, `EMAIL`, or `PARENT_EMAIL`.

* When editing tags, all existing tags of the student will be removed and replaced with the tags specified.<br>
  e.g. `edit 2 t/SEC2 t/IP` will erase the student's original tags and replace it with the new tags `SEC2` and `IP`.

> * You can delete all tags of a student by typing `t/` without any arguments. If you add other tags along with `t/`, `t/` will be interpreted as an empty tag.<br>

Reviewer 2: How about putting this as a tip or note instead? Something more eye catching

1. A **weekly** recurring lesson
2. A one-off makeup lesson.

The essential fields for a lesson are indicated by the presence of the '*'. The rest of the fields are optional.

Field | Prefix | Constraints | Examples | Remark|
------------------|-------|-----------| --------| -----|

> *Start date |`date/`| Dates should be of the format dd MMM yyyy and adhere to the following constraints:<br/>1. dd and yyyy are numerical characters.<br/>2. MMM are alphabetical characters. e.g. Jan, Feb, ..., Dec<br/>3. Must be a valid date for the year."|`date/20 jan 2022`<br/>`date/4 nov 2000`| Dates are case-insensitive and allows single digit day without the leading zero.|

Author: No need to be 2-digit day since 04 jan 2022 and 4 jan 2022 are both accepted.

*Time range        | `time/` | Lesson time range should be formatted as HHmm-HHmm and adhere to the following constraints:<br>1. Start time must be before end time.<br/>2. Lesson should be conducted between 8am and 10pm, inclusive.<br/> | `time/1100-1300`<br/>`time/2000-2130` | |
*Subject          | `subject/` | Subject should only contain alphanumeric characters and spaces, and it should not be blank | `subject/Math`<br/> `subject/Language Arts` | |

> *Lesson rate      | `rates/` | Money-related fields such as lesson rate should be formatted with a decimal point '.' as a separator between the dollars and cents, and adhere to the following constraints:<br/>1. Lesson rates should only contain numbers and at most one decimal point.<br/>2. The lesson rate should not start or end with a decimal point and should have at most two decimal places. | `rates/37.50`<br/>`rates/40` | The lesson's rate refers to the fee of the lesson per hour. This rate will be used in the calculation of fees due after each lesson.<br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Lesson rate      | `rates/` | We follow the [Singapore convention](https://www.dfa.cornell.edu/treasurer/cash-management/processinginternational/intl-currency) of using a decimal point '.' to separate dollars and cents, Lesson rates: <br/> 1. should only contain numbers, at most one decimal point, and two decimal places <br/>2. should not start or end with a decimal point | `rates/37.50`<br/>`rates/40` 
```
Note somewhere else that rate is $ per H so the table is neater

Author: Would it not be weird to separate the fields and the remarks for that field?

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Subject</td>
            <td><code>subject/</code></td>
            <td>Should only contain alphanumeric characters and spaces</td>
            <td><code>subject/Social studies</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Time range</td>
            <td><code>time/</code></td>
            <td><ul>
            <li>Formatted as <code>HHmm-HHmm</code></li>
            <li>Must be between 8am and 10pm, inclusive</li>
            </ul></td>
            <td><code>time/1730-1830</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Lesson rate</td>
            <td><code>rates/</code></td>
            <td><ul>
              <li>Fee of the lesson per hour. This rate will be used in the calculation of fees due after each lesson.</li>
              <li>Refer to <a href="#monetary-fields">Monetary fields</a> for more details.</li>
            </ul></td>
            <td><code>rates/50</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <td rowspan=5>Optional</td>
            <td>Recurrence flag</td>
            <td><code>recurring/</code></td>
            <td><ul>
              <li>Indicates whether the lesson is recurring</li>

>               <li>Optional parameter: end date of the recurrence</li>

Reviewer 3: End date is the parameter value
```suggestion
              <li>Optional value: end date of the recurrence</li>
```

Author: By the command format notes under Features, the parameter is the value

Reviewer 3: icic ok

            <td><code>lvl/J1</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Homework</td>
            <td><code>hw/</code></td>
            <td>Maximum of 50 characters</td>
            <td><code>hw/Test 1</code></td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

* Additional fields of a lesson aside from those stated in the table are used for recording cancelled dates of a lesson. More details can be found in [Editing a lesson](#editing-a-lesson--ledit). 

##### Monetary fields
For all monetary fields (lesson rates and outstanding fees), we follow the [Singapore convention](https://www.dfa.cornell.edu/treasurer/cash-management/processinginternational/intl-currency) of using a decimal point '.' to separate dollars and cents, The values of these fields should only contain numbers, with at most one decimal point, and two decimal places and should not start or end with a decimal point.
<br/>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Adding a lesson: `ladd`

Adds a lesson to the specified student in TAB, provided you do not have any other lessons scheduled at that time.

> Format: `ladd INDEX [recurring/END_DATE] date/dd MMM yyyy time/HHmm-HHmm subject/SUBJECT rates/LESSON_RATES [f/OUTSTANDING_FEES] [hw/HOMEWORK]…​`

Reviewer 3: should we change dd MMM yyyy -> START_DATE
and HHmm-HHmm -> Time range?

Author: Okay

A lesson can be categorised into 2 types: 
1. A **weekly** recurring lesson
2. A one-off makeup lesson.
   
In the future, you can also customise your own recurrence rule for your recurring lessons.

> A lesson can be identified by the index number shown in the lesson list of the student.

Reviewer 3: Should we add a row for Lesson index? or write it somewhere that 
"The lesson index must be a valid index number shown in the lesson list of the student." 
so no need to keep repeating afterwards.

<table id="student-param-table">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th style="text-align:center; padding: 10px">Category</th>
            <th style="text-align:center">Field</th>
            <th style="text-align:center">Prefix</th>

>             <th style="text-align:center">Constraint(s)</th>
>             <th style="text-align:center">Example(s)</th>

Reviewer 3: It's fine without
```suggestion
            <th style="text-align:center">Constraints</th>
            <th style="text-align:center">Examples</th>
```

        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan=4>Essential</td>
            <td>Start Date</td>
            <td><code>date/</code></td>
            <td>
              <ul> 
                <li>Must be present.</li>

>                 <li>Case-insensitive.</li>

Reviewer 3: remove mention of this is `ladd`

Reviewer 3: this one -> `The date is case-insensitive. i.e. 12 jaN 2022 is equivalent to 12 JAN 2022.`

            <td>
              <ul> 
                <li>Must be present.</li>
                <li>Case-insensitive.</li>
                <li>Formatted as <code>dd MMM yyyy</code></li>
              </ul>
            </td>
            <td><code>date/12 jul 2020</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Subject</td>
            <td><code>subject/</code></td>
            <td><ul>
            <li>Must be present.</li>
            <li>Should only contain alphanumeric characters and spaces.</li>
            </ul></td>
            <td><code>subject/Social studies</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Time Range</td>
            <td><code>time/</code></td>
            <td><ul>
            <li>Must be present.</li>
            <li>Formatted as <code>HHmm-HHmm</code></li>
            <li>Must be between 8am and 10pm, inclusive.</li>
            </ul></td>
            <td><code>time/1730-1830</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Lesson rate</td>
            <td><code>rates/</code></td>
            <td><ul>
              <li>Fee of the lesson per hour. This rate will be used in the calculation of fees due after each lesson.</li>

>               <li>Refer to<a href="#monetary-fields"> "Monetary fields" for more details.</a></li>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
              <li>Refer to <a href="#monetary-fields">Monetary fields</a> for more details.</li>
```

            </ul></td>
            <td><code>rates/50</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <td rowspan=5>Optional</td>
            <td>Recurrence flag</td>
            <td><code>recurring/</code></td>
            <td><ul>
              <li>Optional parameter: end date that signifies the end of the recurrence.</li>
              <li>The end date cannot be earlier than the start date.</li>
            </ul></td>
            <td><ul>
              <li><code>recurring/</code></li>
              <li><code>recurring/30 Nov 2100</code></li>
            </ul></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Outstanding fees</td>
            <td><code>f/</code></td>

>             <td>Refer to<a href="#monetary-fields"> "Monetary fields" for more details.</a></td>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
            <td>Refer to <a href="#monetary-fields">Monetary fields</a> for more details.</td>
```

            <td><code>lvl/J1</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Homework</td>
            <td><code>hw/</code></td>
            <td><ul>
              <li>Maximum of 50 characters</li>

>               <li>Cannot be blank</li>

Reviewer 4: doesnt `hw/` clears the homework list?

Adds a lesson to the specified student in TAB.

> Format: `ladd INDEX [recurring/[END_DATE]] date/dd MMM yyyy time/HHmm-HHmm subject/SUBJECT rates/LESSON_RATES [f/OUTSTANDING_FEES] [hw/HOMEWORK]…​`

Reviewer: I think no need to wrap end date with brackets. its consistent with the behaviour of every other optional field
```suggestion
Format: `ladd INDEX [recurring/END_DATE] date/dd MMM yyyy time/HHmm-HHmm subject/SUBJECT rates/LESSON_RATES [f/OUTSTANDING_FEES] [hw/HOMEWORK]…​`
```

Edits the specified lesson of the specified student in TAB with the indicated changes for specified fields.

Additional fields to the ones in [Managing lessons](#managing-lessons) are listed below.

Field | Prefix | Constraints | Examples | Remark|
------------------|-------|-----------| --------| -----|

> Cancelled date |`cancel/`| Same constraints as other date fields.|`cancel/20 jan 2022`| The date to cancel must be a valid lesson date.<br>e.g. If the start date of a recurring lesson is `1 Oct 2021`, you can cancel `8 Oct 2021` but not `2 Oct 2021`.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cancelled date |`cancel/`| Same constraints as other date fields.|`cancel/20 jan 2022`| The date to be cancelled must be a valid lesson date.<br>e.g. If the start date of a recurring lesson is `1 Oct 2021`, you can cancel `8 Oct 2021` but not `2 Oct 2021`.|
```

> Uncancelled date |`uncancel/` | Same constraints as other date fields. | `uncancel/20 jan 2022`|The date to uncancel must be an already cancelled date. | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Uncancelled date |`uncancel/` | Same constraints as other date fields. | `uncancel/20 jan 2022`|The date to be uncancelled must be a date that has already been cancelled. | 
```

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Caution:**
* If you change the start date of the lesson, the cancelled dates that become invalid will be removed.

> * Editing the homework set of a lesson will clear all existing pieces of homework and add the newly specified pieces of homework.

Reviewer 2: Mine still does not show up as a list though. It still looks like this.

</div>

Format: `ledit INDEX LESSON_INDEX [recurring/END_DATE] [date/START_DATE] [time/TIMERANGE] [subject/SUBJECT] [rates/LESSON_RATES] [f/OUTSTANDING_FEES] [hw/HOMEWORK]… [cancel/CANCEL_DATE]… [uncancel/UNCANCEL_DATE]…​`

* Edits the lesson of specified `LESSON_INDEX` for the student at the specified `INDEX`.

* The index must be a valid index number shown in the displayed student list.

* The lesson index must be a valid index number shown in the lesson list of the student.

* When editing homework, all existing pieces of homework of the lesson will be removed and replaced with the pieces of homework specified.<br>
  e.g. `ledit 2 1 hw/As2` will erase the lesson's original pieces of homework and replace it with the new homework `As2`.

> * You can delete all homework of a lesson by typing `hw/` without any arguments. If you add other pieces of homework along with `hw/`, `hw/` will be interpreted as a homework with an empty description.<br>

Reviewer 2: Perhaps a note or tip would be better? >.<

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Caution:**

If you change the start date of the lesson, the cancelled dates that become invalid will be removed.

</div>

Format: `ledit INDEX LESSON_INDEX [recurring/END_DATE] [date/START_DATE] [time/TIMERANGE] [subject/SUBJECT] [rates/LESSON_RATES] [f/OUTSTANDING_FEES] [hw/HOMEWORK]… [cancel/CANCEL_DATE]… [uncancel/UNCANCEL_DATE]…​`

* Edits the lesson of specified `LESSON_INDEX` for the student at the specified `INDEX`.

* When editing homework, all existing pieces of homework of the lesson will be removed and replaced with the pieces of homework specified.<br>
  e.g. `ledit 2 1 hw/As2` will erase the lesson's original pieces of homework and replace it with the new homework `As2`.
  
* Editing the homework set of a lesson will clear all existing pieces of homework and add the newly specified pieces of homework.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">**:information_source: Note about homework:**<br>

You can delete all homework of a lesson by typing `hw/` without any arguments.

> If you add other pieces of homework along with `hw/`, `hw/` will be interpreted as a homework with an empty description.<br/><br/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you add other pieces of homework along with `hw/`, `hw/` will be interpreted as a homework with an empty description.<br/>
```

  e.g. `ledit 2 1 hw/` will remove all existing homework pieces from the 1st lesson of the 2nd student in the displayed list.

> On the other hand, `ledit 2 1 hw/ hw/Assignment 1` will remove all existing homework and add only `Assignment 1` as homework for the lesson.

Reviewer 3: It adds an empty homework too... should empty hw be allowed in the first place?

Edits the specified lesson of the specified student in TAB with the indicated changes for specified fields.

Additional fields to the ones in [Managing lessons](#managing-lessons) are listed below.

Field | Prefix | Constraints | Examples |
------------------|-------|-----------| --------|

> Cancelled date |`cancel/`| Same constraints as other date fields.<br/> The date to be cancelled must be a valid lesson date.<br>e.g. If the start date of a recurring lesson is `1 Oct 2021`, you can cancel `8 Oct 2021` but not `2 Oct 2021`.|`cancel/20 jan 2022`|

Reviewer 3: possible to link "date" fields?

Uncancelled date |`uncancel/` | Same constraints as other date fields.<br/>The date to be uncancelled must be a date that has already been cancelled.| `uncancel/20 jan 2022`|

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Caution:**

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Caution:** <br>
```

Author: Actually, I think span looks better? Block seems to have some extra spaces at the bottom

## Span

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62977276/140271829-85925d6e-b313-40e4-8157-9b6844f1c513.png)

## Block

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62977276/140271860-76da1046-69d6-4a7f-ac3a-b6b2a9d0b2c1.png)

Author: Without the <br> , with block 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62977276/140272021-da643ff1-302d-4d41-ad38-dd028c80fb46.png)

Without <b>, with span
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62977276/140272084-5c953d4d-9812-4cce-8a69-6993b7534f7b.png)

Reviewer 4: ohh i tot this is the part where there were supposed to be bullet points but was not displayed properly

Author: Oh yeah, I changed it so the bullet points are outside the caution block so its up to the users whether they want to read the cases but we will still warn them.

* If you change the start date of the lesson, the cancelled dates that become invalid will be removed.

* Editing the homework set of a lesson will clear all existing pieces of homework and add the newly specified pieces of homework.

</div>

Format: `ledit INDEX LESSON_INDEX [recurring/END_DATE] [date/START_DATE] [time/TIMERANGE] [subject/SUBJECT] [rates/LESSON_RATES] [f/OUTSTANDING_FEES] [hw/HOMEWORK]… [cancel/CANCEL_DATE]… [uncancel/UNCANCEL_DATE]…​`

* Edits the lesson of specified `LESSON_INDEX` for the student at the specified `INDEX`.

* The index must be a valid index number shown in the displayed student list.

* The lesson index must be a valid index number shown in the lesson list of the student.

* When editing homework, all existing pieces of homework of the lesson will be removed and replaced with the pieces of homework specified.<br>
  e.g. `ledit 2 1 hw/As2` will erase the lesson's original pieces of homework and replace it with the new homework `As2`.

* You can delete all homework of a lesson by typing `hw/` without any arguments. 

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">**:information_source: Note about homework:**<br>

Reviewer 3: what is this note for? how is it different from the point above?

Author: Highlights the difference in behaviour when u use `hw/`  without any other `hw/` non-empty prefixes and when you use it with them

Reviewer 3: then should the example be multiple homework? I'm a bit confused..

Author: Oops, I will remove the example.

<div class="caption">Layout of a cancelled makeup lesson card.</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: Note:**<br>

A lesson can be identified by the index number shown in the lesson list of the student. The lesson index specified for commands must be a valid index number shown in the lesson list of the student.
</div>

> A lesson can be categorised into 2 types:

Reviewer 3: can you move this to before the 2 pictures

            <th style="text-align:center">Field</th>
            <th style="text-align:center">Prefix</th>
            <th style="text-align:center">Constraints</th>
            <th style="text-align:center">Examples</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan=4>Essential</td>
            <td>Start date</td>
            <td><code>date/</code></td>
            <td>
              <ul>
                <li>Case-insensitive</li>
                <li>Formatted as <code>dd MMM yyyy</code></li>
              </ul>
            </td>
            <td><code>date/12 jul 2020</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Subject</td>
            <td><code>subject/</code></td>
            <td>Should only contain alphanumeric characters and spaces</td>
            <td><code>subject/Social studies</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Time range</td>
            <td><code>time/</code></td>
            <td><ul>
            <li>Formatted as <code>HHmm-HHmm</code></li>
            <li>Must be between 8am and 10pm, inclusive</li>
            </ul></td>
            <td><code>time/1730-1830</code></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>

>             <td>Lesson rate</td>

Reviewer 3: All caps for the fields.
```suggestion
            <td>Lesson Rates</td>
```

TAB will automatically update your lesson's outstanding fees once the lesson has ended using Fees Calculator feature. 
The Fees Calculator will account for cancelled dates and ensure that lesson fees on these dates will not be added.

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Caution:**

Reviewer 2: Would it be too long for a caution?

Author: I feel that the whole part about behaviour is quite important though

* `paid 1 1 amt/70` The 1st student has paid `$70.00` for his or her 1st lesson.
* `paid 3 2 amt/480.50` The 3rd student has paid `$480.50` for his or her 2nd lesson.

#### Behaviour of the Fees Calculator

TAB will automatically update your lesson's outstanding fees once the lesson has ended using Fees Calculator feature. 
The Fees Calculator will account for cancelled dates and ensure that lesson fees on these dates will not be added.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Caution:**
The Fees Calculator will not account for any changes to lessons that have passed.
</div>

Such cases to take note of include:

> * **Lesson rates increment.** In the event that you want to increase your lesson rates, the current outstanding fees will not change according to the newly edited lesson rates.

Author: This doesn't seem to fit the intention of highlighting these cases. These are the cases when the fees calculator will not account  for any changes since the lesson has passed

> * **Incorrect lesson rates entry.** Similarly, in the event that you have entered your lesson rates incorrectly and only realised it after your lesson has passed, the current outstanding fees will not change according to

Reviewer 3: Why do you need this point? It feels a bit repetitive... How about just combine the two points and make it more general like
`Changing of Lesson rates` -> The current outstanding fees will not change according to the newly edited lesson rates.

  the newly edited lesson rates.
* **Cancelling or uncancelling a date in the past.** In the event that you did not cancel your lesson and the fees for that particular cancelled lesson has been added to outstanding fees, the Fees Calculator will not deduct

>   the fees of the cancelled lesson for you. Same for uncancelling a lesson that has passed, the fees will not be added back for you.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  the fees of the cancelled lesson for you. Similarly, uncancelling a lesson that has passed, the fees will not be added back for you.
```

* **Shifting the end date of a recurring lesson.** In the event that the end date of the lesson is shifted to an earlier date and lessons after that new end date have already passed, the outstanding fees will not change.
* **Shifting the start date of a recurring lesson.** In the event that the start date of the lesson is shifted to an earlier date and lessons between the edited start date and original start date have passed,

>   the fees of these lessons will not be deducted for you. Same for shifting start date to a later date after the original start date has passed and fees have been updated prior.

Author: The whole part about fees wasn't done by me, I think the IDE marked it as green because it detected some format changes when I put it into the caution block and then took it out again.

>   the fees of these lessons will not be deducted for you. Same for shifting start date to a later date after the original start date has passed and fees have been updated prior.

Reviewer 2: refer to #314

Uncancelled date |`uncancel/` | Same constraints as other date fields.<br/>The date to be uncancelled must be a date that has already been cancelled and cannot be left blank.| `uncancel/20 jan 2022`|

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Caution:**

If you change the start date of the lesson, the cancelled dates that become invalid will be removed.

</div>

Format: `ledit INDEX LESSON_INDEX [recurring/END_DATE] [date/START_DATE] [time/TIME_RANGE] [subject/SUBJECT] [rates/LESSON_RATES] [f/OUTSTANDING_FEES] [hw/HOMEWORK]… [cancel/CANCEL_DATE]… [uncancel/UNCANCEL_DATE]…​`

* Edits the lesson of specified `LESSON_INDEX` for the student at the specified `INDEX`.

* When editing homework, all existing pieces of homework of the lesson will be removed and replaced with the pieces of homework specified.<br>
  e.g. `ledit 2 1 hw/As2` will erase the lesson's original pieces of homework and replace it with the new homework `As2`.
  

> * Editing the homework set of a lesson will clear all existing pieces of homework and add the newly specified pieces of homework.

Reviewer 3: is this the same as the point above?
